add evaluation criteria (#2)
geeksblabla/blanat: README.md

**Explanation: Tetouan is the cheapest city because it has a total price of 48.50, while Casa has a total price of 93.73 and Rabat has a total price of 78.10.**

## Evaluation criteria
In short: Correctness and speed!
The competition focuses solely on correctness and speed of execution to gauge participants' ability to deliver accurate solutions within minimal computational time.

## I have a question

If you have any questions, feel free to add them to the [Discussions](https://github.com/geeksblabla/blanat/discussions/categories/q-a), and our team and contributors will be happy to help you.

## Leaderboard

The primary criterion for leaderboard ranking is execution time. The fastest code will be ranked at the top. The leaderboard will be refreshed twice a day

> Coming soon

## Timeline

> The challeneg will run from 16th February 2024 until 22nd February 2023. The winner will be announced during Blablaconf 2024 last day, Friday 23rd February 2024. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The challenge will run from 16th of February 2024 until 22nd of February 2023. The winner will be announced during Blablaconf 2024 last day, Friday 23rd February 2024. 
```
